ah there's a place in your house where
it's cool to chill get some me time or
even cook a meal it's the kitchen mofo
in no time - slap - just grab yourself a
penny and this work that a stiffy scared
of this place
mo needs a father just lay down your
weapons and pick up another hihglight
how's it going welcome to my virgin
kitchen today I'm going to show you how
to make a classic British dinner it's
called bangers and mash you might not
have heard of it base basically mashed
potato with sausages and it's called
bangers because when you hook them in
the pan that's the sort of noise it used
to make if you're cooking really fast
sort bang right so just call it sausages
and mash if you get confused I hope it
really really cool gravy it's really
cheap really filling really yummy so
perfect for students or people animals
whatever you want to be and you'll love
it it's a little Chloe she's told me how
to make the recipe she's about to go to
bed
once you rocket asleep I'm gonna come
back to the kitchen I share and make
this thing right here then folks let's
get on and make this recipe he's gonna
be so so easy even a monkey could do it
I want to think about that but a monkey
probably could do it anyhow you're just
gonna need three pans and we'll get them
as and when one of them has got a pan of
boiling water in it I'm gonna put our
potatoes in there so I'm gonna mash my
potato and have a bit of a rustic feel
to it give them a wash and leave the
skin on alternatively peel it if you
don't want that skin in there make sure
there's no mud on it okay cuz that won't
taste good
so it's gonna boil them up mash up with
some other special ingredients in a bit
we've got a frying pan there which is
going to use for our sausages which
we're going to cook first of all the
frying pan the old plastic banger method
you could put them in the oven under the
grill if you want anyway you want
this is prime yeah okay so you can see
my pan is nice and hot there the good
thing about this recipe is you can
really go to town on it you can make it
as bland or as amazing as you want you
can basically just have particular
smashed with sausages or you can really
twist the flavors on the head which is
what we're hopefully gonna do make it
taste real good for you okay so that pan
is hot I've got my sausages here so I'm
just gonna drop one in right so just so
you get the idea if when the cook comes
they're nice and golden brown all around
on the side and while they're cooking we
can work on our gravy and our potatoes
yeah I better put more sausages in
otherwise getting a bit of a lonely
sausage right there yeah okay amazing so
all the sausage in the pan like actually
only just dropped in there they're sort
of putting their suntan lotion on ready
to go into the Sun they're ready and I
hope you are too I don't know what I
meant by that but let's just go along
with it anyhow you saw that panel or -
is boring I've got three out of the four
market is in there just drop the other
one in there
so the temperature does go down a little
bit the after noticed though that the
water level was actually quite low
because when you put the potatoes in it
goes like a fat person get in the
swimming pool so what I'm going to do is
bring that book up to the boil
get a nice cook proof should take about
15 minutes let me match away let's move
on to our gravy the sausages are staying
on there on their own I'm gonna keep
them quite bland yes okay let's go so
right behind me here I've got the pan
the sausages cooking away the potatoes
bubbling away - and there's one other
pan here which I've just started the
warm up we're gonna add some oil in
there I'm gonna add our onions and our
leeks to start to build our gravy okay
it's gonna be nice you gotta love it
okay so close up on that pan now it's
nice and warm so it's gonna pour in just
under a 10 minute or oil and right here
I have got myself a chopped onion and a
chopped leek so I'm just gonna push them
in gradually I'm probably know me gonna
get it everywhere but this Jack get it
in that's not so bad I'm normally really
messy get it everywhere but so far so
good
yeah that is all in there to cook it
away right away get it soften and more
stuff we'll add to it glue it stuff
fantastic - the leeks and the onions are
all in there you can see they're
starting to soften already oh you want
them so soft baby you want them softer
than Chloe's bum right now so so soft
oh yeah okay let's show you where we are
so the leeks and the onions as we know
are breaking down in a gum and add a
little bit of butters in just a minute
but it's put this robot dance like that
you can see the sausages I've been
turning them and they're on a very low
heat while there's quite a mention that
just so we can time it we can always
crank it up if we need to so we want to
try and finish it all together okay
we'll just move up a little bit TRO
story you can see the potatoes over
there still cooking away roaring it's
all working well so we've come back to
our onions and leeks now and I let go a
little pot yeah okay so the banger noise
I was talking about
listen to this baby can you hear that
yeah that's bangers okay so we don't add
a little bit of fun and games to the
leeks and onions otherwise it's fun and
games but it is funny games right so
they're nice and soft they're loving it
but just so poppy they're like this so
what I'm gonna do is add in a knob of
butter put it straight in by that and
that'll melt in and what and I mean just
jumped out okay about it doesn't have to
happen for you but anyhow let the heat
sort of map that down stir it all
through and one other cheeky thing I'm
gonna add is I've got a little bit of
golden syrup
aka corn syrup in other countries just
add a little
quittin of that in there for a really
naughty Spanky kick Oh
stir it through okie doke that has only
been two minutes you can see that butter
is bubbling away in there it's full of
flavor there's like a sugary using this
as well from that little bit of golden
syrup absolutely loving it it's gonna
taste so good so grab yourself five
hundred mils of water and just pour that
in like so what we're gonna do is add a
stock cube in with this now as well and
also a cheeky little ingredient yeah
okay then focus it before we sim it down
our gravy we're gonna add two other
things one of them is a stock coupe
which is in my hand right now that's
gonna chuck that in like that what half
that's almost bad snow but it's all good
stir that through but before we bring it
to a simmer one other thing remember
this is completely optional I'm gonna
add some Marmite okay I'm out of it
before it gives it a cheeky little kick
we can also do soy sauce or Worcester
sauce or some balsamic vinegar lots of
different things you can add let's just
try some Marmite today and I think you
got to love it a little spoonful of that
in there Wow
okay so I've got my mom like that's just
over a teaspoon just gonna push that
straight in there like that I think in
Australia you call that guys a Vegemite
Marmite out on that but it's ER
anyway stir it through simmer it and it
should start to thicken now baby
my friends it's been five minutes the
gravy is simmering away oh it is hot in
here but it's cold outside because
that's a good thing right check out the
gravy look I'll give it a little stir
you can see the onions and the leeks
rise into the top that is the texture
I'm after
I want it not too thick not too thin if
you want it thicker maybe add less water
maybe some flour it's up to you one
thing I'm gonna add to it right now
though is a little bit of safe you can
use fresh sage leaves if you like I'm
just gonna pour this into out the tub
give it a little stir around give it a
nice little funky boost wash clean that
goes like that our sausages are cooking
away good thing cook them like that I
can just keep turning them get them
really nice and dark and funky it's like
a slow cooker approach the potatoes I've
just sliced in half there already I've
checked them so we're ready to mushroom
and we can bring this together right
home folks you can probably see here by
drying salad bowl and I put our potatoes
in it you can see as well that the skin
that just wants to peel it off about
this
so a mash up all that skin is gonna
break down let's make some funky mash
okay so using the heat if the potatoes
ever gonna chuck in a block of butter
like so pour in a hundred mils of single
cream you can use milk a heaped teaspoon
of whole grain mustard shocked wrong and
that goes
and just another teaspoon of sage in
there so just sprinkle that in and then
we get the mash it here we go so I'm
just breaking it down merging all of
these ingredients together you can see
how the skin is just falling off you
want all these flavors to merge make
sure that butter gets all in there oh my
goodness looking good it's kind of fun
okay guys after mash it together Wow
looks like a mouth hello iris after I'm
actually looking whole grain mash boom
I'm gonna get the sausage off the gravy
it's simmering away let me just show you
chittering we're gonna show you over
here
wow that is ready to go I may be it and
I'm very hot right now okay so to serve
it all we've got to do is grab yourself
a cool plate like that get yourself a
nice big dollop of our mashed potatoes
like that in fact if you feed him flat
what you could do is pipe it on we'd
like one of these cake things now I'm
gonna share our sauces in you can oh you
can stab them in like horns like that
you rest them on top arrest them on top
like they're lying down on the sunbed
baby okay so this gonna go for two for
the minute let's push this one in in
fact I should actually call it a banger
but let's get our gravy and just pour it
all over top let's just drench it yeah
right here we go then nice big spoonful
just completely cover it oh my goodness
look at that the leek and the onion sat
on there hanging out oh wow I cannot
wait to taste this okay folks I have got
the perfect thoughtful here sausage
gravy and potato I'm gonna shove it down
my mouth now smells so good at the mind
is for ages and that yeah this is good
we're sorry none quite that way that's
amazing we don't even do anything those
sausages all the flavor is from the
potatoes and the gravy is just going
boom I'm getting the gravy
one side potatoes over and the sausage
straight down the middle and that sounds
rude but that my friends is amazing it
took me half an hour to make that in
total so if I wasn't filming it maybe a
little less and we don't have to go so
flashy to put your own twist on it yeah
if I can make it absolutely anyone in
the world can happier yourself let me
know how you on and I'll see you again
next time
hi guys how's it going welcome to my
virgin kitchen today I'm gonna be
showing you how to cook baby I can't
believe it ah right here so right and
put a bit of oil in there
Sasa tea is just gonna be on their own
hi guys how's it anything about playing
sausages or there you can get this
really funky flavor things ok so just
want to show you what on it ain't okay
folks hopefully you can see we've got
off course on hanging hanging right so
here we go we've got the leeks and the
onions in there they're just playing
around and they're just spoon doing a
guy's in the embedded start a break down
already there's anything about three
minutes well just give it okay so the
banging noise I was talking out out
talking about okay so we're gonna add
some sort of non women okay so we got
add a little bit of funny games to our
leeks and onions right in there okay so
the servant grab yourself a flat little
domain oh right I need to move the
camera right here them folks I can't
wait to taste what this one tastes like
it's gonna be unbelievably do I see yes
a bit tastes what tastes like how it
sausage and gravy I know it smells
amazing amazing on the potatoes without
mustard let's not forget all that good
stuff and all that okay here we go folks
I've got the perfect for here walk walk
walk